yes I finally uploaded the opening to
Hercules featuring the neon Mickey logo
VHS from 1981 real not fake Warren do
you make fake VHS openings yes it's
called the opening - Hercules VHS from
1981 real not fake allow me to take a
look
one coke the opening is fake her
in 1981 it was released in 1997 that's
it
you a grounded grounded grounded
grounded for Google megaplex she is
you're wearing a nappy
no please anything but nappies I'm too
old for them no you're not you're still
a baby
you better not put a nappy on me when
I'm still too old
ouch ouch that hurts it doesn't matter
now I'm gonna call mr. 9th and oking
your teachers and your friends on you
Warren you have a bunch of visitors
hello there this is me mr. Nintendo King
I can't believe you made a fake VHS
opening on YouTube I'm Stevie I have
heard what you've been doing on YouTube
this is David the animation guy I'm
tired of you leaving nonsense comments
below our videos I'm Louie Louie 95 you
are the worst person in the history of
YouTube I am Sally 94 I'm so infuriated
at you for deleting others comments I'm
Robert
Coates animation you are such a troll
online and offline AB superb at Rick
Warren Hercules was released in 1997 not
1981 I'm the super Baxter nothing is
worse than you and your fake VHS stuff
I'm but Z 629 Warren Hercules never had
a neon Mickey lo Joe why because it
ended in 1986
I'm mr. lego fan 404 you will receive
ass beatings every dawn morning
afternoon evening and night even while
sleeping I'm angry walkthroughs how dare
you hurt our feelings on YouTube on memy
ninety nine oh nine this is the worst
thing you've done ever since your first
account the cook worn a layer try and
lover I don't believe this and now I've
heard that you are grounded grounded
grounded poor google megaplex years
I'm mrs. Shaw you are a bad bad bad bad
student of mine and I'm mr. Dyk I can't
believe that you've been a very very bad
bad bad bad bad bad student of mine and
also you certainly have no business
making fake VHS stuff this will teach
you a strong severe deadly strict lesson
your nappy will stay on for the rest of
your natural-born life that's right
Warren and also you will forget your
memories that are all Disney related
means no computer no Fig VHS stuff no
Disney music and books no Disney movies
and shows and video games and you have
100% lost trips to Disney stores and
parks as well I would force you to draw
X Swiss cheese
great nuts and prunes and they're the
only things you're allowed to eat for
the rest of your life you'll be forced
to read books not made by Disney like
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory Rumble
Fish The Shining and others not made by
Disney you will listen to music not made
by Disney like scat man's world the
Russian trololo man Justin Bieber tunak
tunak tun Slayer The Chemical Brothers
and Fat Boy slim as well and non-disney
baby shows like bunny Teletubbies Blue's
Clues
Sesame Street Team Umizoomi Yo Gabba
Gabba
and The Backyardigans as well and
primetime shows not made by Disney like
Happy Days Gilligan's Island The Brady
Bunch
Star Trek friends Family Guy The
Simpsons South Park Modern Family
American Dad Futurama nature Nova
Laverne and Shirley I Love Lucy It's
Always Sunny in Philadelphia American
Horror Story and others not made by
Disney and non Disney cartoons like the
Rugrats spongebob CatDog
Rocko's Modern Life sanic axe Pokemon
codename kids next door the angry
beavers Hey Arnold and others as well
and movies not made by Disney like James
Bond
Friday the 13th Nightmare on Elm Street
The Bad News Bears top gun meet the
parents Meet the Fockers and others as
well and videogames not made by Disney
like Mario Hong Zola Metroid Kirby mega
man sonic starfox Call of Duty wave race
1080 snowboarding crash spyro SSX and
more I agree with all of them now stop
doing what we ought to do or you'll be
grounded for Google jug a plexi is
stay tuned for another new episode of
Sesame Street can Ryloth get any worse
B's